to lower the general sound a little
because yes no
If you can not hear me
chest
in a fast stage
and playing with some flyers with a
steering wheel for pc
the German event takes place mostly
so we know how to give me
and we go there
from left to right 5 center
from left to right and left
then closed left handbrake
mean right for right two very
long curve left
when it started on the outside
then right
long
inside
in this viewpoint
as soon as I want to run a little
errebal for it to break
good
then if they fall right radical left
Sir
then to the left, guaranteeing
left
to the left of manu
in the head
my diet 3
pérez and three for the grafted I come back
right 4
come let's go through the field indicate
left
which are thinner and close the right
hand brake
40 full of hand
do not miss tape
3 right hand
and close the ball right
now apply left to close the
left full of hand
ah
is that many ravines are attracted
for them
then left three trees bite him
for right 33 30 80 run on the outside
full left and left hand 3
career on the outside
and you will be 330 one of my friends gives me
well I arrived without front bumper
but I took
and good
being that I played with a flyer for
pc does not cost me but it's
entertaining you have more fun than with the
I command the truth that yes